Fix: Resolve issue causing links to collapsed pages being off screen (#2651)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: CHANGELOG.md

* `checkdocs` has a new option `:public` to check that unexported symbols marked with `public` are included in the docs. ([#2629])

### Fixed

> * Links to collapsed pages now at the center of the screen ([#2485])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deep links to collapsed docstrings now correctly leave the targeted docstring at the center of the screen when navigating to that URL. ([#2485], [#2651])
```
